[Music]
hey folks were at the 2017 Fort
Lauderdale Boat Show and we have found
the brand-new Everglades 273 CC this is
a really interesting boat it's like they
took the 24 and blow it up it is one
heck of a beefy bay boat with some
serious offshore capabilities what's
really most interesting about it though
is how this boat is put together
everglades builds with what they call
the ram cap construction method now let
me bottom-line it for you what that
means is all your below decks boys are
fulfilled their foam in some areas you
have tankage but you never have dead
space now what does that mean for you as
a voter well this boat starts punching
through waves it feels solid as a rock
beyond construction one thing that this
boat provides that you just can't
normally get in a bay boat is sheer size
and because of that you can do things
like take this forward area which
normally almost boats you wouldn't have
room for lounges and still have a
casting deck but it's just so darn big
you can get rid of all these cushions
take them off leave them at home in the
garage and the seats really are plenty
large to function as caster guts you say
you want the king of all bay boats this
might be your pick head over to votes
calm read our full review and give this
one a close look
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters